hi all why and play one or two blitz
games today I had a long losing streaks
be honest on the ICC I lost the part
eight games in a row and I managed to
win yesterday but my rating is still not
that great compared what it used to be
and it's still tough on the auto paraiso
probably knocked down and it's still
really tough so I am I let's try and
that plaid decent game of chess here
okay not Queenie 22 cheap think mmm
maybe I'll just try and keep a solid
center the Minot bit I think okay so
i've got some sort of advantage maybe I
know couldn't be free
hmm alright I don't want to give double
Paul because you have that strong rock
so maybe just I play Bishop e3 try and
tempt opponent to take be free forgot d
fibers of Fred ok right now maybe a
freeze ok i will watch out from light d
50 play Bishop d2 though maybe all kf2
mm-hmm don't want to exchange that push
up maybe go for it ok so this pawns wet
I'll play a tree's comfort my penance 86
bow for neutralizing each other's
pressure on the ice shapefiles ok jnh
files alright so um I don't have SI
falls in ego ce4 if i play with c5's got
95 when do at this point though be 4i
develop a seat for the other hand the
other hands i think nights you want to
do for a mate you see 5 Thank like
Bishop f4 here try making these dark
squares before getting into one of these
ok so I'm talk clapping see far anyway
if i take i mean that's too good for
black and i'll just move the mission
throughout the night here hope I've got
some tiny positional advantage I can't
see you might have gotten advantage what
to do maybe h4 h5 but if c5 and e5 are
more difficult to play ok I'll try a
full nazi fun reserve I need to chase
the night age 5 g 5 mm is that a problem
should I play f4 first hmm for those
night I've 6 i'm gonna go further so I
came undone with my hands pawns butter
got some compensation the rules
I mean starting to be good times
consider see false choice tonight then
be 595 they're attacking cease
eggs-cruciating okay hey this looks good
all of a sudden um although I miss my
chance for c4 nails might take be for a
night Oh 97 might be friend takes real
paycheck again so 97 and if the night
wasn't protecting b6 the night takes p6
so um yeah
he's just resigned I don't know why he's
resigned I don't think it was resign
about maybe had to go out or something
like that means that bad oh well that's
bit of a shame ah but um yeah okay so so
we both had these H files and sort of
neutralizing blacks with that and he
neutralized mine so maybe he did think
he was like worse hair if rooks c7 rock
a shame if King e7 night takes c6 check
so I know could he place c5 maybe again
check King e7 knight c6 check winning
the exchange maybe it is willing meaning
just have to go out maybe this is
serious fret this knight c6 please leave
any comments or questions on YouTube
thanks for lunch